Good afternoon, evening, if I’m from the city of
Khmelnitsky, from where I
greet I’m from the city of Tula Russia
samovars Tula gingerbread gingerbread
Tulsky Tokarev, he’s
support the special operation of course
I didn’t doubt Well, then I don’t
know what the question is Just
ask mechanically mechanically they ask
Everyone answers yes
Can you tell me what is the purpose of the special operation
here  I don’t [ __ ] do all the different things
they say, you know, I’ll just tell you in
my own words What are the goals of Russia, but I
can assume and say so much for her
so that not one scum can’t
kick their feet in Russia about Russia and
destroy stories and
look, on the contrary, they began to stomp And
to destroy
whom Yes, you know This is the agony of
the Russians, they still at least a little respected yes,
like And now we are in a row
us what we will do
first, let's probably wait
until they arrive Well, it's
flaring up like others were burning  I understand there, that
is, it turns out that yours is shorter. The soldiers
burn all our tanks, yes.
Where do they all share with you, for example,
if everything is so bad with us, then
why did you run away from the Kiev region of
Sumy Chernihiv Kharkov I can’t
understand And now I’ll say hello
and now  back and now I understand
you left Because it’s not interesting anything
you all burned it’s not interesting anything
dust and now they will give us tanks of abramtse
leopa Oh damn, you can have a pollinator Let’s
go back Yes it will be Look at
what you show off what they will give you
with your hand And I’m proud  country that I am My
country produces you what produce
Iran from Iran beg for these drones listen
damn it produces
from North Korea beg please
padishah In short give us drones exchange
Why are you not mine and the whole world gives us we are
so cool that we demand
and more there in the summer we say  Come on
scholz And he gives such a [ __ ] and look And
you know what's the trick when a Russian
soldier
is killed from highmars Yes, in a vocational school  so they don’t
give a damn to him they begged us We don’t care and we
don’t care So we are happy that these Russian
chmobiks Yes, who came to occupy
our Earth were killed by American weapons and
we are happy thanks
juicy.
pisses and whiners because they are being spread
and they are crying why in short they give us
because you are morons and we are not